What is the Funded Futures Plan?
The Funded Futures Plan offering is a performance-based futures trading program. Traders
move through four phases, each with defined goals and payouts, before graduating into a Live
Funded Futures account.

Key Features of Funded Futures
1. Early Payouts – Earn real payouts beginning with Phase 1. Continue earning additional
and increasing payouts after completing each subsequent phase.
2. Live Funded Transition – Advance through Phase 4 to unlock a Live Funded Futures
account.
3. Consistency Requirement** – A 25% cap on your best day’s profit supports steady,
professional trading behavior. (see “What is the Consistency Requirement**?” below for
more details).

Plan Sizes

$25,000 $50,000 $100,000 $150,000

Plan Rules

Profit Target per Phase 9% 9% 9% 9%
Max Loss (trails on EOD balance) 5% 5% 5% 5%
Consistency requirement** 25% 25% 25% 25%
Maximum Time 60 Days 60 Days 60 Days 60 Days
Exposure
Limits
Standard/Micro Contracts 1/15 contracts 3/30 contracts 6/60 contracts 9/90 contracts
Inactivity
Period
Phases 1-4 14 days 14 days 14 days 14 days
Live Funded 7 days 7 days 7 days 7 days
Payout
Phases
Phase 1 Payout $500 $1,000 $2,000 $3,000
Phase 2 Payout $750 $1,500 $3,000 $4,500
Phase 3 Payout $750 $1,500 $3,000 $4,500
Phase 4 Payout $1,500 $3,000 $6,000 $9,000
Live
Funded
Account
Account Size $3,000 $6,000 $12,000 $18,000
Max Loss (Static) $1,500 $3,000 $6,000 $9,000
Profit Split 90% 90% 90% 90%
Maximum Time (Inactivity only) N/A N/A N/A N/A

Your Path to Funding
1. Phase 1 – Reach the profit target while following the consistency requirement and
adhering to the Max Loss Limit.
2. First Payout – Upon completing Phase 1, you're instantly eligible for your first payout.
3. Phases 2–4 – Hit each target, maintain consistency, and avoid the Max Loss to receive
additional payouts.
4. Live Funded – After Phase 4, you’ll transition to a Live Funded account. There is no Max
Time restriction at this phase (inactivity still applies). Once you achieve this phase you
are responsible for all platform and data fees (deducted monthly from the account
balance). As long as traders adhere to the rules as defined above and remain profitable,
they can continue trading.

TRADING RULES | FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (FAQ):
How do the phases work?
Phase 1 begins once you purchase an account. Once you hit your profit target; while maintaining a 25%
consistency, you will be able to request a payout and then advance to the next Phase. At each new
Phase your account will begin with a fresh starting balance.
When do I get the payout for each Phase?
Once you complete a Phase and meet the 25% consistency rule you will be eligible to make a request for
that Phase’s payout. You will not be able to advance to the next phase until the payout is requested and
completed.
What is the Consistency Requirement**?
We have a Consistency Requirement to ensure traders aren't hitting profit targets through a few lucky
trades. This promotes consistent behavior and punishes YOLO style trading. The calculation is: (best
trading day PnL/Total PnL) x 100.
A lower value means profits are generated more consistently across multiple trading days. A higher
value means profits are concentrated on fewer trading days. For example, a consistency requirement of
25% means you cannot achieve your entire profit target in less than 4 days (100% / 25% = 4).

You must meet both the profit target and the consistency requirement — maintaining a consistency
ratio at or below 25% — to hit your profit target, be eligible for a payout, and to advance to the next
phase.
•Example 1: On a $100k account with a profit target of $8,000, if you earn $2,000 per day over 4 days,
you meet the consistency requirement. Your best day is $2,000, and total profit is $8,000 — resulting in
a consistency ratio of 25% ($2,000 / $8,000).
•Example 2: On a $100k account with a profit target of $8,000, if your profits across 4 days are $3,000,
$1,000, $2,000, and $2,000, you violate the consistency requirement. Your best day is $3,000, and total
profit is $8,000 — which gives a consistency ratio of 37.5% ($3,000 / $8,000). To meet the consistency
requirement of 25%, you would now need to reach a total profit of $12,000 while keeping your best day
at or below $3,000.

Do I lose my account if I don’t meet the Consistency Requirement?
No. But in order to complete the phase and be entitled to receive the payout, you will need to achieve
both the profit target and the consistency requirement.
What is a Profit Target?
This is the predetermined profit amount you need to achieve in order to pass to the next phase of the
program and be eligible to receive the payout.

Is there a Daily Loss Limit?
There is no specific Daily Loss Limit, but traders must always stay within the Max Trailing Loss.
How do you calculate the Maximum Trailing Loss?
The Maximum Trailing Loss for each phase trails using End of Day Balance. Example: If your starting
balance is $100,000, and there is a 5% Max Trailing Loss, you can drawdown to $95,000 before you
violate the Maximum Trailing Loss rule. Then for example let's say you take your end of day balance to
$102,000. This is your new End of Day High-Water Mark, which would mean your new Maximum Trailing
Loss would be $97,000. Once you generate a 5% return in the account, the Max Trailing Loss will lock at
the starting balance (i.e. the Max Loss Limit will never increase above your starting balance). For the
purpose of all calculations, the end of day is defined as 1600 CST.
Can I reset my account if I lose it?
No. You will need to purchase a new account if you breach it for any reason.
Can I hold positions over the weekend?
No. All positions must be closed and all open orders cancelled at 1510 CST each weekday.

What is a Futures contract?
A futures contract represents a standardized amount of an underlying asset. For example, one E-mini
S&P 500 futures contract (ES) represents $50 times the index price, while one crude oil (CL) contract
represents 1,000 barrels of oil. See the attached product table in Appendix A.
How do I complete the CME market data attestation for Rithmic?
You must complete the CME market data attestation using the R | Trader Pro desktop app—this cannot
be done through mobile or web platforms. Once you've completed the attestation in R | Trader Pro,

you'll be able to log in and trade through mobile or web apps. Please note: you must attest as a non-
professional; we do not accept professional status in this program.

What are the Market Data Fees?
Market data fees cover the cost of accessing real-time price data from the exchanges. These fees are
included in your purchase price during Phases 1 through 4. Once you reach the Live Funded Futures
phase, any applicable market data or platform fees will be deducted from your account balance on a
monthly basis.
What is the 60 Day Maximum Time rule?
Each Phase (1-4) has a maximum time limit of 60 calendar days. This means you must meet all the
requirements for a given phase within 60 days of starting that phase.
If you do not complete a phase within the 60-day window, your account will be deactivated, regardless
of your progress or profit level at that point. You will need to purchase a new Futures plan to continue.
The timer begins on the day you place your first trade and continues uninterrupted. There are no
extensions or pauses.
Please plan your trading accordingly to stay on track throughout all four phases.
Is there a breach for inactivity in Phases 1-4
For Phases 1-4, you must place an executed trade once every 14 days to retain the account.
Is there a breach for inactivity in the Funded Account?
If you reach the Live Funded account level, you must place an executed trade once every 7 days to retain
the account.
Can I pause the inactivity timer at any account Phase?
No, unfortunately we cannot pause the inactivity timer at any account phase.
Do I need to complete KYC or sign a trader contract to start trading in a Funded Futures Plan?
You will be required to complete our Know Your Customer (KYC) program and sign our Trader
Agreement prior to requesting a payout.

What happens if I do not pass KYC?
If you do not pass the KYC process, your account will be closed.
Do we manipulate the pricing or executions you receive in your Funded Futures accounts?
No. We operate at arm's lengths with the liquidity providers/Exchanges. All market pricing and trade
executions are provided by third parties and are not changed or modified by us. Additionally, we do not
markup transaction costs established through adjusting bid-offer spreads, markups/markdowns,
commission charges or swaps.
Who is the counterparty to my trades?
During the simulated phases, trades are executed against the liquidity provided by your trading platform
and are designed to closely mimic real-market pricing and execution. Once you receive your live funded
account, the pricing and execution will come directly from the exchange(s) on which you trade.
Am I subject to any position limits?
The total number of contracts you can hold at one time is limited by both your account size and the
exchange margin requirements for each product. Your account balance must be sufficient to cover the
required margin for all open positions. Refer to Appendix A for a full breakdown of per-product margin
requirements.
If I have a breach in my Live Funded Account and there are gains in the account, do I forfeit those
gains?
If you have gains in your Live Funded Futures (Phase 5) account at the time of a breach, you will still
receive your portion of those gains.
How do I withdraw my Payout once I complete each Phase?
If you achieve the profit target for your current phase and meet the consistency requirements, you’ll be
eligible to request that phase’s payout. This payout must be completed before your account is upgraded
to the next phase.

How does the Live Funded account phase differ from Phase 1-4?
The Live Funded Futures account operates under a different set of rules compared to Phases 1-4. Once
you reach this level, the following changes apply:
• Risk Parameters: The Max Loss is capped at 50% of your starting balance. There are no longer
any profit targets, consistency rules, or time limits.
• Inactivity Rule: You must place at least one executed trade every 7 calendar days to retain your
account.
• Live Market Conditions: You are now trading in a live environment, which means you may
encounter real-market factors such as slippage, partial fills, and varying liquidity.
• Profit Split: You no longer have a fixed payout and are eligible to keep 90% of your profits in the
Live Funded Futures phase.

OTHER GENERAL QUESTIONS:
What Countries are accepted?
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, traders from all countries, excluding OFAC
listed countries, can take part in our program, unless otherwise limited at the Company’s discretion.
What is the minimum age I must be to be part of your program?
You must be at least 18 years of age, or the applicable minimum legal age in your country, to purchase a
Funded Futures account.
Where do I track the progress of my account?
Upon purchasing a Funded Futures plan, you will receive access to a trader dashboard where you can
monitor your Funded Futures account. The dashboard is updated in near real time as we calculate your
account metrics. It is your responsibility to monitor your breach levels.
What Platform can I trade on?
When you purchase a Funded Futures plan, you'll receive credentials granting access to a Rithmic
R|Trader account. We provide the R|Trader Pro desktop application (Windows only). To use Rithmic's
Web and Mobile platforms, you must first complete the Market Data attestation by logging into
R|Trader Pro desktop.
These credentials can also connect you to Rithmic's data feed through supported third-party platforms
like Quantower, MotiveWave, Bookmap, and others compatible with Rithmic.
Please note: While we facilitate access to Rithmic's infrastructure, we do not offer user support for
R|Trader, Rithmic, or any third-party platforms. For technical issues or platform-specific questions,
please contact the respective technology provider directly.

How many Funded Futures Accounts can I have active at once?
You may only have one active Funded Futures account per starting tier size at a time. The allowed tiers
are $25K, $50K, $100K, and $150K—meaning the maximum number of active accounts you can hold at
once is four, one of each size. Altogether, the combined starting balances of your active accounts cannot
exceed $325,000.

What products can I trade?
Traders are allowed to trade Futures products only in this program, listed on the following exchanges:
CME, COMEX, NYMEX & CBOT. The full list of supported Futures products is listed in Appendix A of this
document.
Am I required to trade the front-month futures contract?
Traders must trade the front-month contract for each product, as it has the highest liquidity and open
interest. For example, in March, the correct contract for the ES E-Mini S&P 500 products is the March
(H) contract—not July (N) or September (U). Trading out-month contracts is prohibited and may result in
the loss of your account. Always ensure you're trading the active front-month listed on the exchange.
To identify the most active front-month futures contracts, you can use CME Group's Product Slate,
which provides detailed information on all available contracts, including their current front-month
status. https://www.cmegroup.com/markets/products.html?

What are the trading hours for Futures products?
Trades can be placed starting at 1700 CST at the Globex Open and can be held until the 1510
CST session close.
What happens if I do not close the trade?
Positions will be closed for you during regular trading days at 1510 CST. Trades cannot be held
over weekends.
Holiday Hour Trading:
During holiday trading hours, auto-liquidation will not occur at the half-time market close, and the trader
is responsible for closing the positions.
• Please pay careful attention to market hours around holidays and shortened weeks.
• Failure to close the positions before the market closes may result in the loss of the account
whether it is a Funded Futures or Live Futures account.

Do your accounts charge commissions?
Funded Futures accounts receive the same pricing and commissions as charged by the Liquidity
Provider/Exchanges to other, self-funded, retail trading accounts.
Please see Appendix A for details on per instrument commission charges.
Can I use an Automated Strategy?
Subject to our policy on Prohibited Trading as described below, you can trade using an automated
strategy.
What is the policy on Prohibited Trading Activity?
You are prohibited from using any trading strategy that is expressly prohibited by the Company or the
Liquidity Providers it uses. Such prohibited trading (“Prohibited Trading”) shall include, but not be
limited to:
● Exploiting errors or latency in the pricing and/or platform(s) provided by the Liquidity
Provider/Exchange
● Utilizing non-public and/or insider information
● Front running of trades placed elsewhere
● Trading in any way that jeopardizes the relationship that the Company has with a Liquidity
Provider/Exchange or may result in the canceling of trades
● Trading in any way that creates regulatory issues for the Liquidity Provider/Exchange
● Utilizing any third-party strategy, off-the-shelf strategy or one marketed to pass challenge accounts
● Attempting to arbitrage a funded account with another account with the Company or any third-party
company, as determined by the Company in its sole and absolute discretion.
●No Gambling Permitted: When participating in trading on both Challenge and Instant Funded Accounts,
traders are expected to adhere to responsible risk management practices. This includes carefully
considering the risks associated with position size, trade duration, and hedging strategies. Taking
excessive risks, such as utilizing maximum leverage to open large positions with the hope of reaching
profit targets through a single price movement, is strictly prohibited. Please refer to the Terms and
Conditions for the full Prohibition of Gambling Practices language.
● If the Company detects that your trading constitutes Prohibited Trading, your participation in the
program will be terminated and may include forfeiture of any fees paid to the Company. Additionally,
and before any Trader shall receive a funded account, the trading activity of the Trader under these
Terms and Conditions shall be reviewed by both the Company and the Liquidity Provider/Exchange to
determine whether such trading activity constitutes Prohibited Trading. In the case of Prohibited Trading,
the Trader shall not receive a funded account.
● Compliance with CME Group Rules: All trading activities must adhere to CME Group's rules and
regulations.
● Additionally, the Company reserves the right to disallow or block any Trader from participating in the
program for any reason, in the Company’s sole and absolute discretion.
To view all Prohibited Uses, please review our Terms and Conditions here,
https://dashboardanalytix.com/client-terms-and-policies/

Can I trade during News Events?
Our futures program does not prohibit trading during news events; however, traders must exercise
heightened caution due to the increased volatility and reduced liquidity that often accompany such
events.
Traders are solely responsible for staying informed of scheduled economic news releases and managing
their positions accordingly.
How will I see charges on my Statement?
Charges come across in the name of Dashboardanalytix.com.
How are taxes handled?
When trading an account for our firm, you are treated as an independent contractor. As a result, you are
responsible for any and all taxes on your gains.

How are affiliates credited?
Affiliates are credited for referrals when a user creates an account using a link or discount code provided
by the Affiliate.

Appendix A

E-mini S&P 500 - ES - CME Micro E-mini S&P 500 - MES - CME E-mini Nasdaq-100 - NQ - CME
Micro E-mini Nasdaq-100 - MNQ - CME E-mini Dow Jones - YM - CBOT Micro E-mini Dow Jones -
MYM - CBOT E-mini Russell 2000 - RTY - CME Micro E-mini Russell 2000 - M2K - CME Euro FX -
6E - CME British Pound - 6B - CME Japanese Yen - 6J - CME Canadian Dollar - 6C - CME Swiss
Franc - 6S - CME Australian Dollar - 6A - CME Crude Oil - CL - NYMEX Micro Crude Oil - MCL -
NYMEX Natural Gas - NG - NYMEX Heating Oil - HO - NYMEX RBOB Gasoline - RB - NYMEX Gold
- GC - COMEX Micro Gold - MGC - COMEX Silver - SI - COMEX Micro Silver - SIL - COMEX
Platinum - PL - NYMEX Copper - HG - COMEX Corn - ZC - CBOT Soybeans - ZS - CBOT Soybean
Meal - ZM - CBOT Soybean Oil - ZL - CBOT Wheat - ZW - CBOT Micro Bitcoin - MBT - CME Micro
Ether - MET - CME